good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
3 so I am leaving for Oxford today at 6
and I've got to say that I completely
petrified
you were like lies in the level of my
dreams like that
she basically speaks to him but it's not
that she speaks covertly growling edges
so last week in late November we ordered
a advent calendar for me with kind of a
chocolate one it didn't come so for the
first two days of Advent I haven't had
this advent calendar but now it's just
come and I'm really excited because it
means I can actually take it with me and
to Oxford so this is it and I'm just
gonna quickly open up the past two days
another present and I'm not gonna eat
this cleaner one because I've just had
tea chocolate so I'll eat it later
we grass does not hiss good it's got
myself to taste but I just went on a
walk with my dad and he was just testing
me on what he was just going through
some interview preparation questions
like what do you think what do you think
about the cannon I'm having lunch and
then we're leaving I'm so scared
honestly I'm just terrified I just
actually can't believe that it's
tomorrow so I've just arrived um in
Oxford and I'm in my room at the moment
I've got to say it's really surreal it
doesn't feel like this is actually
happening I'm just feeling quite anxious
I think that's expected though I think
everyone's probably really the same as
me at the moment tomorrow my interview
is the first one at this college we have
a briefing fast as well which will
hopefully quicker because it means that
we can see the tutors so I think I'm
just going to unpack all my things
because I'm here for a while okay so
I've just had dinner and now I'm back in
my room and I'm in my pajamas and it's
20 past aids I made any friends who's
also applying for English so we had a
long discussion it was kind of half
political half literary and really
really fascinating but it meant I got
back to my room a bit later than I would
have liked I got back at about 8:00 so
now I'm just going to do some kind of
last-minute preparation just refreshing
myself I've got my unseen tomorrow
morning so I think I'm going to
concentrate on that first part of me
feels like hasn't even sunk in yet the
fact that tomorrow I am doing this
interview which I've thought about and
anticipated for about five years I just
it just doesn't seem real it just
thank you for watching and have a
productive week and we should be luck